docs(createQuerySuggestionsPlugin): rewrite docs (#468)
algolia/autocomplete: packages/website/docs/createQuerySuggestionsPlugin.md

id: createQuerySuggestionsPlugin
---

The Query Suggestions plugin adds [Algolia Query Suggestions](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/building-search-ui/ui-and-ux-patterns/query-suggestions/js/) to your autocomplete.

## Installation

First, you need to install the plugin.

```bash

> yarn add @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions
> # or
> npm install @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions@alpha
# or
npm install @algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions@alpha
```

```

Then import it in your project:

```js
import { createQuerySuggestionsPlugin } from '@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions';
```

If you don't use a package manager, you can use a standalone endpoint:

```html

> <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@algolia/autocomplete-plugin-query-suggestions@alpha"></script>
```

```

## Example

> Here's a working example. It uses the plugin within [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js), along with the [`algoliasearch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/algoliasearch) API client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the plugin within [`autocomplete-js`](autocomplete-js), along with the [`algoliasearch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/algoliasearch) API client.
```

});
```

> You can combine this plugin with the [Recent Searches](createLocalStorageRecentSearchesPlugin) plugin to leverage the empty screen with popular and recent queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can combine this plugin with the [Recent Searches](createLocalStorageRecentSearchesPlugin) plugin to leverage the empty screen with recent and popular queries.
```

});
```

To see it in action, check [this demo on CodeSandbox](https://fzb4m.csb.app/).

## Parameters

### `searchClient`

> `SearchClient` | required

The initialized Algolia search client.

### `indexName`

> `string` | required

The index name.

### `getSearchParams`

> > `() => SearchParameters`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `(params: { state: AutocompleteState }) => SearchParameters`
```

A function returning [Algolia search parameters](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/search-api-parameters/).

### `transformSource`

> `(params: { source: AutocompleteSource, onTapAhead: () => void })`

> A function to transform the source based on the Autocomplete state.

Reviewer: It's not necessarily based on the state, you might just want to edit the provided templates.

```suggestion
A function to transform the provided source.
```

  },
});
```

### `categoryAttribute`

> `string | string[]`

The attribute or attribute path to display categories for.

#### Example

```js
const querySuggestionsPlugin = createQuerySuggestionsPlugin({
  searchClient,
  indexName: 'instant_search_demo_query_suggestions',
  categoryAttribute: [
    'instant_search',
    'facets',
    'exact_matches',
    'hierarchicalCategories.lvl0',
  ],
});
```

### `categoriesLimit`

> > `number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `number` | defaults to `1`
```

> The number of items to display categories for.

Reviewer: I wrote this description myself quickly but not sure it's very comprehensible. Wdyt?

Author: Can you quickly describe it to make sure it's clear to me?

Reviewer: (With `categoriesPerItem: 2`)

### `categoriesLimit: 1`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6137112/109517699-d4039b80-7aa9-11eb-9b0a-de1deb5e7be4.png)

### `categoriesLimit: 3`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6137112/109516455-820e4600-7aa8-11eb-8cad-3040ecdafbde.png)

Author: Got it! It's how many items get categories. I'm wondering if the name of the parameter is optimal though. Now that I know what it is, `categoriesLimit` still doesn't convey that idea. Have you thought of something more descriptive like `itemsWithCategories`? It doesn't convey as much that it expects a `number` but it's clearer.

Reviewer: Yeah I'm not convinced by the name either.

How about those?

- `numberOfItemsWithCategories`
- `numberOfCategoriesPerItem`

Author: I find `numberOf` superfluous, the type conveys this information already.

- `itemsWithCategories`
- `categoriesPerItem`

This is simpler.

Reviewer: OK—I'll take care of that in another PR.

### `categoriesPerItem`

> > `number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `number` | defaults to `1`
```
